README: Add fan profile and power mode info to docs (#3548)
balena-os/meta-balena: README.md

}
```

#### fan

> An object that defines thermal related configuration. Available for Jetson Orin devices running Jetpack 6 or newer.

Author: thanks, it's now updated

##### fan.profile

(string) A string which will be used to select the desired cooling profile. Supported values are "quiet" and "cool". At runtime, this

> configuration option should be set trough the API or from your balena-cloud dashboard.

Author: updated

```json
"os": {
 "fan": {
  "profile":"cool"
 }
}
```

#### power

> An object that defines power consumption related configuration. Available for Jetson Orin devices running Jetpack 6 or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object that defines power consumption related configuration. Available for Jetson Orin devices running Jetpack 6 or newer and Supervisor vTODO or newer.
```

Author: updated

##### power.mode

(string) A string which will be used to select the desired power mode. Supported values for Jetpack 6 and newer are "low", "mid" and "high", where "low"
is the lowest power consumption mode while "high" corresponds to MAXN or the highest available power mode for your device type. At runtime, this

> configuration option should be set trough the API or from your balena-cloud dashboard, and it will cause a device reboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration option should be set through the API or from your balenaCloud dashboard, and it will cause a device reboot.
```

Author: same, updated

}
```

#### fan

> An object that defines thermal related configuration. Available for Jetson Orin devices running Jetpack 6 or newer and Supervisor vTODO or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object that defines thermal related configuration. Available for Jetson Orin devices running Jetpack 6 or newer and Supervisor v16.10.0 or newer.
```

Author: thanks @cywang117 , added

> An object that defines thermal related configuration. Available for Jetson Orin devices running Jetpack 6 or newer, balenaOS v6.1.24 or newer and Supervisor v16.10.0 or newer.

Reviewer 2: I realize I am late for this - it really bothers me seeing that we are breaking the separation between meta-balena and device repositories. imo, the feature should have been designed generic even if only the Jetson Orin device is actually using it, and this mention to Jetson Orin should be removed. It sets a bad precedent and will make it more confusing to maintain the OS in future.

Also, balenaOS and supervision version are implied - the field is supported from the version where the README is updated. I really think adding these details is a bad practise.

@klutchell

Reviewer 3: Maybe there is a way we can avoid creating a "special butterfly" situation out of this which is what orin will become.

##### fan.profile

(string) A string which will be used to select the desired cooling profile. Supported values are "quiet" and "cool". At runtime, this
configuration option should be set through the API or from your balenaCloud dashboard.

```json
"os": {
 "fan": {
  "profile":"cool"
 }
}
```

#### power

> An object that defines power consumption related configuration. Available for Jetson Orin devices running Jetpack 6 or newer, balenaOS v6.1.24 or newer and Supervisor v16.10.0 or newer.

Reviewer 2: Idem
